# R3-SoftwareTask1-FirstLast
 My project is incomplete, so I can't describe it in full. However I can describe the portion I have completed. In my circuit I connected the arduino to the breadboard by running a positve and negative wire from 5v and ground pins respectively, through the positive and negative rails of the breadboard. I then placed two 7 segment displays onto the breadboard, along with two resistors and two decoders. I wired the arduino to the decoders, by connecting wires from 4 power pins to the 4 inputs of each decoder, where I then wired each letter segment to its corresponding segment on the displays. I also connected the resistors to the ground input to prevent ouatge. After implementing my code I was able to create numbers from 1-9 on the display by manipulating the code. Afterwards I connected the potentiometer to the arduino, and through my code I ran the values given by the potentiometer. After I obtained the values, I divided the max value by ten, and modulus 10, so that I could find the tens and ones digits to be displayed on the seven segment displays, and I coded the binary representation of those digits to be read by the display. However this is where I stopped. I was unable to complete the circuit because I encountered several obstacles. First, I had very limited time to work on it(roughly a day) because this week I had several midterms to prepare for and I decided to prioritize school, I also work during the weekends. Furthermore, I am a beginner and I have very little experience with these concepts, and with tinkercad software, so I had difficulty familiarizing myself with them. Also, I encountered some difficulties working with Tinkercad, initially when I was setting up my potentiometer it was uanable to return any values when connected to the 5V pin of the arduino and only worked when connected to the 3.3V pin, so I spent a while trying to figure out the issue. Then after a few hours, it starting working, I asked for guidance and was told that this may have been a bug. Moreover when trying to map out the potentiometer values into their binary representations, I was a little stuck trying to figure out how to accomplish that, and when I tried to simulate it, my displays stopped working correctly. I was no longer able to display coherent digits, and only a few segments worked. I spent hours looking through my code and wiring, but those dont seem to be an issue. This lead me to give up and hand in what I had completed.
 https://www.tinkercad.com/things/6Ia2wimZ9WF-super-crift/editel 